[docs] Publishing doc: Firebase google services files update requires rebuild (#8648)
expo/expo: docs/pages/workflow/publishing.md

- Change your `facebookScheme`
- Change your bundled assets under `assetBundlePatterns`

> Additionally, changes to keys in Firebase configuration files (google-services.json and GoogleService-Info.plist) will require re-building the binaries to take effect on the iOS and Android app.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally, changes to keys in Firebase configuration files (google-services.json and GoogleService-Info.plist) will require re-building the binaries to take effect in the iOS or Android standalone app.
```
